hey everyone it's neil patel and today
is another day of crl unlocked we're in
week two lesson two where we're gonna go
over e-commerce strategies as well as
some best practices e-commerce sales
have been booming last year alone 4.2
trillion us dollars
worldwide which is a ton of money and
it's expected to grow to over 6.54
trillion dollars by 2023 online shopping
is one of the world's most popular
activities especially during periods
like black friday or cyber monday and if
you look at a lot of the large
e-commerce company based on gmv
alibaba's massive same with amazon jd
ebay shopify and the list just keeps
adding up and these companies are all
keep
going to grow at a very rapid pace as
more people start buying online i want
to go to neilpatel.com training and
click on sierra unlocked where i want
you to download your gmv guide and use
the steps to optimize your business when
you think about the world's largest
retailers
there's a lot of retailers and these are
not all fully online some of them are
offline slash online so they do a little
bit of both like amazon walmart
costco amazon's mainly online these days
but they do own some offline stuff like
whole foods
and even companies like home depot in
the united states they're quite large as
well there's a lot to learn from these
retailers so let's go over the most
valuable lessons number one protect your
success and learn from every mistake
then you want to learn everything you
can about your business
you need to be super competitive just
like how sometimes there's price wars or
sometimes they get really creative doing
not just free shipping but free next day
air shipping you want to focus on
retaining customers and providing the
best experience i've also found that
when you're just doing cro and you're
competing in business being persistent
putting your team first whether that's
safety or whether that's you know just
making sure that they're doing well from
a mental emotional
standpoint innovation is also huge the
more innovative you can get some
sometimes these days i'm seeing
deliveries actually happen by little
drone bots that are just roaming around
the street which is pretty innovative
and is helping them get a leg up on
their competition and no matter who you
are you're going to have some failures
just learn from them and keep adapting
and tweaking and innovating i also never
want you to stop experimenting you need
to be willing to fail and then adapt and
learn from mistakes so you can just keep
going because with cro you're not gonna
get the results you want always on the
first time or even second or third or
fourth but if you keep going eventually
things will work out for you as long as
you're following the lessons the
worksheets the cheat sheets the handouts
that we're giving you so that way you
can maximize your sales
you need to obsess about your customers
amazon does this really well
you need to really figure out what they
want and if you figure out what they
want and you obsess about that and you
provide that you'll win
identify and remove any risk in your
business you can't do it for all of it
but you can do for some
don't think short-term take be willing
to take short-term losses for long-term
gains
you know the other thing that i found is
you need to have the right team i don't
care how smart you are elon musk isn't
the one putting everything into space
yes he's part of it but it's also his
team
and jeff bezos didn't create amazon on
his own he had an amazing team
you need to be stubborn but flexible if
you have data that shows that you're
going to be right that's fine but you
also need to be flexible to other
people's input and ideas
i recommend that you diversify your
offerings over time and speed and
agility are super important especially
with testing
i have an asset for the top 25 retailers
and what you can learn from them you can
find it all at neilpatel.com training
click on cro unlocked week two lesson
two
you should also consider that trends are
gonna constantly change and they're
changing at a quicker pace but you need
to be leveraging them
and
you need to go online claim your
business in google use the different
social media platforms whether you like
the
you know um what is that chat company
clubhouse or whether you like tick tock
or hate it it doesn't matter so just
start leveraging them and if they work
great use them more if they don't then
at least you have your account and if it
ever picks back up then you can start
leveraging it in the future you know
optimize your content your product pages
your emails think of everything as a
whole funnel
decide what to un-gate gate on your
content how to use online advertising
should you create a community be part of
it and once you get the traffic one of
the highest converting channels that
you'll find
is retargeting and when you retarget to
those people you'll find that because
already warm to you they're much more
likely to convert
i love retargeting and you can do this
on facebook you can do this on youtube
you can do this on google you can do
this through banners all over the world
it
works extremely well and facebook and
google are the two main channels to use
for retargeting i have a guide on this
again you can get it at neilpatel.com
trainings you're unlocked week two
lesson two
if you've used messenger bots
it works extremely well there's mobile
monkey it's a tool that i love you
should check it out
and messenger bots are easy to set up
they have a wizard that walks you
through it
set it up and you can only send one
message every 24 hours if people aren't
responding
you're only allowed to send them one or
more messages if they're responding to
you or else your risks getting blocked
so just be careful with messenger bots
the benefit though compared to emails is
their open rates messenger has 80 plus
open rates well emails roughly at 20
real people are less likely
to continually open your messages though
if you can't get them to reply so just
make sure your messages are much more
personalized and that's what these bots
are for and ways you can use them i like
using them for lead capturing giveaways
i love using them for quizzes and
webinar signups and you can just build
up a connection with your audience i
have a guide on messenger bots you can
get it at the same place that you get
all the other guides it's in week two
lesson two
one other thing to keep in mind is
hey what are your competition doing so
you're using messenger bots you're going
out there you're optimizing your
conversions you're doing retargeting
you're doing all these things that we've
talked about in this lesson in previous
lessons but what are your competitors
doing and that's something that i want
you to keep in mind too when you're
going throughout this whole process
there's a porter 5 forces model that you
should check out you know threat of new
entrants threat of substitutes
bargaining power of buyers bargaining
power suppliers rivalry among existing
competitors there's also the pest
analysis it analyzes the external
environment of an organization
often the most important analysis
then the most common one that a lot of
people have heard of is the swot
analysis it analyzes things like
strengths weaknesses opportunities and
threats hence it stands for
swot
when you take all the data that you're
getting from these analysis whether it's
the pest method or swot analysis or the
porter 5
it'll give you
test ideas and when you're running tests
you can end up running a b tests or even
multi-variant tests and a multi-variant
test is when you're taking many
different elements on a page and
combining them and seeing what the best
combination is versus just doing a
straight up a b test
and with cro unless you're getting a lot
of traffic you're probably going to be
doing a b testing versus a multi-variant
test
and you can use the neilpatel.com av
testing calculator to figure out which
variation is winning or in crazy egg it
just tells you which variation is within
so you don't really even need to use the
calculator so how are companies like
amazon newegg shopify and bigcommerce
using cro to maximize revenue well
they're optimizing their site speed
they're constantly improving their
website navigation and optimizing their
call to actions and even testing new
headlines in addition to that you'll
constantly see social proof hence they
have all these ratings and detailed
reviews and they're combating fake
reviews because that helps reduce
abandonment cart rates
they also optimize the checkout process
by letting people pay through multiple
payment methods such as paypal and
throughout this process what they found
is the simpler they make it the better
they get with conversions just like how
shopify has that shop now where you just
like click a button you log in it
pre-fills everything and then boom
you're off into the races if you need
help with your conversion optimization
check out my ad agency neil patel
digital if you just enjoyed this video
like it share it tell people about it
thank you for watching